Was guys in welcome x so now we're going to be working at the new section and that will be our services
section.
So basically we want to show some services down below to our website.
OK.
So Howard will be we have to just click this way and it'll be regular.
And I wanted the full video.
OK.
So now here you can see that I have a whole section.
Let me just delete it and show you everything from scratch.
You can see I have a whole section and inside this I have a row and inside this I can add anything.
OK.
Let me just delete it.
Let me just come in here.
And I'm going to click this and you can see it is coming like this the regular.
OK.
You have to click this because we need a regular section.
The first full that is now totally done.
And now we need a regular.
I'm just going to click here.
You can see this is coming off like this.
I'm just going to click discard here because I need a normal section.
So I'm just going to click here and he can see this is coming like this.
OK.
And the first thing what I'm going to add is should be a text a text heading or anything like this.
OK so instead of text I basically use a call to action because the call to action has a heading.
So let's see if we have a heading right here.
So you can see that we don't have a heading.
So I want to add a heading basically.
How will I add this.
I'll just come your I'll just click call to action.
OK.
And on clicking this you'll see a heading appear.
You can also move with the text ok.
You can see this is a text that is coming you can click here in this text is coming right here.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to pay.
I'm just going to enter my heading.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to click text and here I have to enter the headings.
I'm just going to enter this H-1.
OK.
And then this and then slash one and then this And here I can enter any of the heading.
So I'm just gonna enter my heading and my heading is going to be our services.
OK so you can pretty well go to the visual tab and you can see this has now changed to heading right
here.
So if I click here you can see this is Heading 1.
Or you can just come here and entered this code right here.
OK.
And then what I'm going to do I'm just going to go with the design right here.
I'm going to go to the text and I want to bring this to center so I'm going to go down so I find this
text orientation and this is now add to Centuri here.
So I'm just going to increase the text size.
I'm just going increase increase it a bit.
Heading text.
Let's increase it.
OK.
So we have to wait for the heading text not the text.
I'm just going to get you the hitting text.
Let's increase it.
Anything till here.
Ok cool.
And now here we can change it to be open.
And so the default heading font is open tense.
OK you can see and then we can go with the font made.
So you can make it all trouble if you want to you can move with the ball if you want to.
And will be going up a the regular run word light.
So I think the symbol looks cool.
Well just go with the regular.
OK.
So you can see this is looking totally ok.
I'm going to go ahead and I am just going to change this.
So I'm going to change the color of this.
I'm going to click OK right here and I'm going to come here and now I have to change the color of yes.
So you can change it you can just print it right here and then you can change it.
I'm going to change it to Golden Rule here.
OK.
And I'm going to change this to gold and right here so you can see.
All right.
I'm going to select it and then Golden select in.
I want to select it.
Come here.
Golden.
OK.
I don't know why it is not working like this.
I just choose it to be black.
Let's come here let's come here.
I choose it to be golden.
Let's see him here.
I choose it to be bold in blue yellow anything.
So if everything is working right isn't it.
Yeah.
OK.
This is working now.
You can see we have our services section right here.
I'm going to go to all you are right here and I'm going to go to the font size.
So I'm just going to decrease the française of where you are
increase it a bit
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to decrease the française of this as well.
You can see how this is looking.
We have our services section right here.
So here now we're going to add some services.
So this is how you can edit it basically.
OK.
You can edit everything from here.
We're going to add some more and we're going to add our services right here how we're going to add it.
We basically need one more thing and that is
a divider.
So I needed to write it right here.
You can see that this divider is coming.
I'm going to hit show divider and I'm going to go to design right here.
I'm going to go to the color so when I select the color and it should be this golden color.
OK.
And then I have to go to this diagram here and I'm going to slide the solid color.
I'm going to go to the divider position.
It should be top.
I get to go to the sizing and divider should be a think
2 pixel and then I'm going to decrease the height a bit.
I mean I need to center and I'm going to decrease it.
So you can see how this is looking
ok cool.
So you can see how this is looking.
OK.
I want to bring this to top so a bit top.
I'm going to go to advance right here.
I'm going to go to the design and then I'm going to go to the spacing.
So in the spacing I have to decrease the margin.
OK I'm going to am here minus 30 pixels.
I mean increase it a bit OK.
Let's add it to B minus 20 is trending no minus 10.
So minus 10 looks totally perfect.
So you can see how this is looking how our services section right here.
And then we're going to add more.
So what we have to do is that we need to add the some services right here.
So we need to bring this to fold down.
OK.
You can see how this is.
And then we want to click this because we need to add a new rule.
And then here in that role we want to add something.
So I'm just going to click here to add a new row and in that row I won four services.
So a for services.
Or you can show three if you want to.
So it totally depends upon you.
OK.
Now here I want to go to the blurb right here.
The blurb is like here it would be an icon.
And then here would be the description and the call to action is basically a button and a call to action
heading.
OK so it totally depends which thing you want to add.
You can also add a text editor and then you can add it.
You can also add a toggle You can also add a testimonial or anything but I'm going to come here I'm
going to add a blurb right here so you can see this will come right here.
I have to enter the title right here and my title is going to be
I think
photography
OK I want to go to the image and icon.
I'm going to use an icon right here and I need a camera here.
So
let's go down let's go down till we find the camera
OK let's choose this one for photography.
OK.
Because I guess I cannot find a camera.
It is so hard for me to find it.
You know they have it they have it in there but I cannot see it.
OK.
Now here what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go to the text right here and here I want to add something.
So that is going to be normal text so you can add larger ipsum Lorem Ipsum that Dimi content.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to open the dummy content.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
And here we have the Lorem Ipsum right here.
I'm going to go I'm here and I'm going to copy.
So I'm going to hit general generate lorem ipsum.
And here I have the Lorem it's since I'm going to come here.
I'm going to copy this ray here and let's see that how much still how much we want it.
So I'm going to paste it right here.
So this is basically used for demo purposes.
That way when you want to create a demo based to say OK I'm going to come here I'm going to create a
bed.
I'm going to remove till they're still here.
And
I think just remove this still here.
Cool.
OK.
You can see this is coming right here exactly as we wanted.
I'm going to go to the design right here and I'm going to go to the image and icons.
I'm going to choose the icon to be the golden one.
OK.
Because my theme is this Colin.
I can just make it a little bit more.
Prader OK.
And then I have the circle icon I can also use the circle icon if I want to but I want to I don't want
to choose the circle icon.
I'm going to go to the text tray here.
The text should be aligned to center.
She can see how this is.
You can also just use this just to fight if you want to.
OK I'm going to choose that justified right now.
OK.
I'm going to go to the titled x ray here and my table takes should be
this much.
OK.
And then I have this whole content tray here.
So I want to go to the body x ray here and nobody should be just divide right here.
I don't think so.
If I was looking cool.
So I'm going to choose this one.
OK.
This is looking cool.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to decrease it from here.
So let's just click this and you can see this is how it is looking.
We have our services right here.
We have the photography on top Ok what I want to do right now
OK.
I want to just grab this again.
I want to duplicate it and then I want to add that in the distro.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to click this guy right here and I'm going to hit to placate to
placate.
So we have three right here.
I'm just going to drag it and drop it here in this column.
And it and drop it here in this column OK cool.
I want to change this to be so we have photography album editing video
now.
I think here should be decorations.
Decorations.
In riped
in my designs.
So here we have this.
I'm going to choose a new color right here.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to choose that design and then I'm going to do the image and icon and I'm going to choose
the icons.
I'm going to go to the Condon's right here I'm going to go to that image and icon and I'm going to choose
a new design right here.
So let's go down till we find a design a bit of design.
OK.
And then here I'm going to edit this guy right here.
So let's just double click it.
I hope this is the one.
Let's go to the text.
OK.
This is the decorations I'm going to go to the image and icon again and I'm going to choose one icon.
So for this decoration we need to choose
OK good photography one.
Here we go.
I'm going to use this one and the photography's coming right here.
This is the camera.
I was just finding it up.
OK.
I'm going to come here to the decorations right here and for the decorations I think this one looks
cool.
OK.
So let's have a look at a Web site you can see that we have our history here that these next door events
the best management company and then we have the contractors and then we have our services right here.
So this looks really amazing I think because we want to focus on just one thing.
So if my client has said that his business card design is basically a black and gold or I don't want
to go with that then you can see how this is looking.
So we have our services sections.
OK see him like this.
I want six designs basically So I'm going to come here I'm going to just to placate it one more time
so that I can change it.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click here.
And then for this I want it to be
OK.
Just leave it.
So you can see that we have these right here.
I'm just going to make it multiply it so that it doesn't look much doesn't look bad.
OK.
Here this should be here and it should be here.
So I think now this is looking a bit cool.
I think I should change the section color so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the image and I can I'm going to choose the icon for this.
It should be like a video shoot.
We can change it to be video shoot.
OK.
And then here I want to choose a different icon to make sure that you full time keep your focus on this
after the header because people focus on this after the pattern.
And they should be perfect clean and amazing.
OK.
I'm going to choose something that looks a better video.
So I'm going to go down go down.
And here we have the Veals see.
I don't think so.
If it matches it I'm going to go down.
OK.
This one video shoot.
Cool.
I'm going to come here to the decorations right here and they should be
event planning.
Event marketing
OK.
And then here I'm going to choose for marketing.
I think I should go up with
this one and this is the last one so this can be
the catering.
They think so catering OK.
And then here I need a bit about food table or something like that.
So let's go down till the
animal control the click here catering Ari Angie click here again and we want to select this OK.
Everything looks cool from here.
This perspective you can see how this is.
We have our services section right here.
We have these three services that are coming and I want to increase the batting a bit so that we have
equal distance from here.
OK.
There we go.
You can see everything looks cool.
We have our Hetter and then we have our services section and you can see how this is so if you want
to make it full if you can also make it full.
How you're going to do this you're going to just come here to the Rose setting.
You have to go to the design and then you have to go to the sizing so you can make it full if you want
to.
OK.
And this will be full with and they'll come here and you can see how this is looking.
If you want to make it full of it.
Otherwise I would not recommend you to make it full because otherwise it will not look much better until
you have four columns if you want to add four columns you can make it full.
But you can also move that custom.
God forbid what is this is that it means the spacing between these these rows so you can just come here
and then you can just come here you can see how this is you can manage the spacing how we want the spacing
to be.
But I think Toul looks Corbat or twe to talk school I'm going to get here.
Same thing I'm going to do with this guy right here.
I'm going to go do the design and I'm going to go to the spacing of these racing.
So using the custom got to read and I'm going to choose to read here I said ENTRAR that's come here
and they say it's safe.
Here we go.
We're done.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And Buh-Bye.